---
layout: post
title: Youth

---

Yesterday I learned that a person I like take his own life. Although I never met him in real life, I feel heavy and sad for this. I don't know what to say. 

I don't know what's the meaning of life, either. Sometimes I feel like a piece of plastic, or rubbish, and feel that there's no beauty in the way I live. I just live on, have no particular aim in life that can really convince me. I'm also not cool enough to go underground and live the life of the cool minority. There's something I still crave for, and at least I can feel that for now, and that's love from my mom. And wanting love itself gives me a lot of excuses not to do the really cool things. That itself is also an excuse, I'm extermely lazy.

Sometimes I met cool people in real life and that really makes me feel good. Although there's one thing I can't be sure, and that is, what will their future be like? When youth fades away, what's left may be too unbearable to carry oneself on. When you have to bend to the conventions of society to live on, what will you be like? Seems the only way out is to hone the skills that can't be easily replaced so you don't have to be a slave in order to survive. But continuously honing skills itself seems like an unhumane thing, it's like your only purpose in life for now is to win, in a stupid race. I, also, can't really fathom what myself will be like in the future. 

When the carriages are full, some people are just better in getting in the carriages than others. They force themselves in, pay no regard to others, or just cut in before the people waiting in front of them. People who are really kind, in this scenario, can't get in the carriage. So kindness have no gains in this scenario. What if the scenario of getting in the carriage also applies to real life? Aggressive people get what they want. Those who are greedy and ruthless survive. A society like this is just too ugly to live in.

If growing up means surrender what you think is right and become ugly to survive, then, what's the meaning of growing up and living?

It's sad when the finest soul can't live on.
